
Projet “Temps projet” 
Fichier : temps.txt

Estimation de l'effort pour realiser un logiciel (temps de programmation) en fonction de divers parametres (taille du programme (function point count), OS, environement de programmation...)

Objectif : Trouver un modele de regression reliant le temps de réalisation d'un logiciel ("work time") l'environement de programmation, taille du logiciel, etc. Analyse de la régression. 





NAME: Evaluating Aptness of a Regression Model

TYPE: Full population of data (all software projects completed by the AT&T data center from 1986 through 1991). 

SIZE: 104 observations, 5 variables 

DESCRIPTIVE ABSTRACT:
Values for function point count, actual work hours, operating system, database management system, and programming 
language are recorded for 104 software projects from AT&T.  Function point counts are often used to help predict the 
number of work hours that will be required to complete a proposed software project.  
This data can be used to demonstrate the development and evaluation of a linear regression model. 
In particular this is an excellent data set for demonstrating violations of the standard assumptions of 
linear regression, and how to address those violations.

SOURCE: 
The data were generously provided by AT&T.

VARIABLE DESCRIPTIONS:
Columns    Variable
1-4	Function Point Count
9-13	Work Hours
17	Operating System:
		(0) Unix
		(1) MVS
25	Database Management System:			
		(1) IDMS		
		(2) IMS		
		(3) INFORMIX	
		(4) INGRESS	
		(5) Other		 
33	Language:
		(1) COBOL
		(2) PLI
		(3) C
		(4) Other

STORY BEHIND THE DATA:
Function points are a standard metric used for estimating the size of software development projects
(International Function Point Users Group, 2005).  As the number of function points for a proposed software 
project increases, so will the estimate of development effort required to produce the software increase. 
Regression models based on function points are an important tool used in the management of software 
development projects.

